# Module 4 - Agent Orchestration with AWS Step Functions
In this section you will explore how to use AWS Step function for agent orchestration and test the workflow. It recreates the Social Media Agent described in Module 2 leveraging the same tools, but using Step Functions for agent orchestration.

Architecture Overview
Let's explore the Step Function agent workflow. This architecture creates a conversational agent that can iteratively process content through multiple specialized tools before delivering a final response, all while maintaining conversation context.

Navigate to AWS Step Functions  in your AWS Console.
Select the lab1-social-media-agent-sfn state machine.
Click on Edit and you will see the below architecture.
state machine

The workflow begins at the Invoke model state, which calls the Amazon Bedrock using Lambda function to analyze user input and determine the next action
Based on the model's response, the Use tool? state directs the flow either to return a final response via Build response or to the Get tool state to select an appropriate tool
The state machine can invoke three specialized Lambda functions: Content Summarizer, Tone Adapter and Post Writer
After a tool executes, the Add Tool Responses state appends the result to the conversation history and loops back to Invoke model for further processing.
Explore the workflow by clicking on the states and checking its configuration in the right-hand panel.
Testing the Step function agent:
Click Execute in the top-right and provide the following input:

1
   {"prompt": "Please create a social media post using a mythical tone: This April, we announced Amazon Bedrock as part of a set of new tools for building with generative AI on AWS. Amazon Bedrock is a fully managed service that offers a choice of high-performing foundation models (FMs) from leading AI companies, including AI21 Labs, Anthropic, Cohere, Stability AI, and Amazon, along with a broad set of capabilities to build generative AI applications, simplifying the development while maintaining privacy and security.\n\nToday, I’m happy to announce that Amazon Bedrock is now generally available! I’m also excited to share that Meta’s Llama 2 13B and 70B parameter models will soon be available on Amazon Bedrock.\n\nAmazon Bedrock’s comprehensive capabilities help you experiment with a variety of top FMs, customize them privately with your data using techniques such as fine-tuning and retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), and create managed agents that perform complex business tasks—all without writing any code. Check out my previous posts to learn more about agents for Amazon Bedrock and how to connect FMs to your company’s data sources.\n\nNote that some capabilities, such as agents for Amazon Bedrock, including knowledge bases, continue to be available in preview. I’ll share more details on what capabilities continue to be available in preview towards the end of this blog post.\n\nSince Amazon Bedrock is serverless, you don’t have to manage any infrastructure, and you can securely integrate and deploy generative AI capabilities into your applications using the AWS services you are already familiar with.\n\nAmazon Bedrock is integrated with Amazon CloudWatch and AWS CloudTrail to support your monitoring and governance needs. You can use CloudWatch to track usage metrics and build customized dashboards for audit purposes. With CloudTrail, you can monitor API activity and troubleshoot issues as you integrate other systems into your generative AI applications. Amazon Bedrock also allows you to build applications that are in compliance with the GDPR and you can use Amazon Bedrock to run sensitive workloads regulated under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).\n\nGet Started with Amazon Bedrock:\n    You can access available FMs in Amazon Bedrock through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, and open-source frameworks such as LangChain.\n\nIn the Amazon Bedrock console, you can browse FMs and explore and load example use cases and prompts for each model. First, you need to enable access to the models. In the console, select Model access in the left navigation pane and enable the models you would like to access. Once model access is enabled, you can try out different models and inference configuration settings to find a model that fits your use case.\n\nData Privacy and Network Security:\n    With Amazon Bedrock, you are in control of your data, and all your inputs and customizations remain private to your AWS account. Your data, such as prompts, completions, and fine-tuned models, is not used for service improvement. Also, the data is never shared with third-party model providers.\n\nYour data remains in the Region where the API call is processed. All data is encrypted in transit with a minimum of TLS 1.2 encryption. Data at rest is encrypted with AES-256 using AWS KMS managed data encryption keys. You can also use your own keys (customer managed keys) to encrypt the data.\n\nYou can configure your AWS account and virtual private cloud (VPC) to use Amazon VPC endpoints (built on AWS PrivateLink) to securely connect to Amazon Bedrock over the AWS network. This allows for secure and private connectivity between your applications running in a VPC and Amazon Bedrock.\n\nGovernance and Monitoring:\n    Amazon Bedrock integrates with IAM to help you manage permissions for Amazon Bedrock. Such permissions include access to specific models, playground, or features within Amazon Bedrock. All AWS-managed service API activity, including Amazon Bedrock activity, is logged to CloudTrail within your account.\n\nAmazon Bedrock emits data points to CloudWatch using the AWS/Bedrock namespace to track common metrics such as InputTokenCount, OutputTokenCount, InvocationLatency, and (number of) Invocations. You can filter results and get statistics for a specific model by specifying the model ID dimension when you search for metrics. This near real-time insight helps you track usage and cost (input and output token count) and troubleshoot performance issues (invocation latency and number of invocations) as you start building generative AI applications with Amazon Bedrock.\n\nBilling and Pricing Models:\n    Here are a couple of things around billing and pricing models to keep in mind when using Amazon Bedrock:\n\nBilling – Text generation models are billed per processed input tokens and per generated output tokens. Text embedding models are billed per processed input tokens. Image generation models are billed per generated image.\n\nPricing Models – Amazon Bedrock oﬀers two pricing models, on-demand and provisioned throughput. On-demand pricing allows you to use FMs on a pay-as-you-go basis without having to make any time-based term commitments. Provisioned throughput is primarily designed for large, consistent inference workloads that need guaranteed throughput in exchange for a term commitment. Here, you specify the number of model units of a particular FM to meet your application’s performance requirements as deﬁned by the maximum number of input and output tokens processed per minute. For detailed pricing information, see Amazon Bedrock Pricing."}

Workflow Input Prompt

Select Start Execution and wait until the execution is completed.

Once the execution is completed you will see the response like below Workflow Completion

To verify the result, Select Execution input and output tab and check the State Output Workflow Output

Congratulations! You have successfully added a new tool to the workflow and tested its use.

